Speakers at the Advanced level engage in conversation in a clearly participatory manner to communicate information on autobiographical topics, as well as topics of community, national, or international interest. The topics are handled concretely through narration and description in the major time frames of past, present, and future. These speakers can also deal with a social situation with an unexpected complication. The language of Advanced-level speakers is abundant, with the oral paragraph being the measure of Advanced-level length and discourse. Advanced-level speakers have sufficient control of basic structures and generic vocabulary to be understood by native speakers of the language, including those unaccustomed to non-native speech. Speakers at the Advanced Low sublevel are capable of handling a variety of communicative tasks. They can participate in most informal and some formal conversations on topics related to school, home, and leisure activities. Additionally, they are able to discuss topics related to employment, current events, and matters of public and community interest.  Advanced Low speakers demonstrate the ability to narrate and describe events in the major time frames of past, present, and future in paragraph-length discourse, with some control of aspect. In these narrations and descriptions, they combine and link sentences into connected discourse of paragraph length, although these narratives and descriptions tend to be handled separately rather than interwoven. They can appropriately address linguistic challenges presented by complications or unexpected turns of events.  Responses produced by Advanced Low speakers are typically not longer than a single paragraph. The speaker's dominant language may be evident in the use of false cognates, literal translations, or the oral paragraph structure of that language. At times, their discourse may be minimal for the level, marked by an irregular flow, and containing noticeable self-correction. Overall, the performance of Advanced Low speakers tends to be uneven.  Advanced Low speech is typically marked by a certain grammatical roughness (e.g., inconsistent control of verb endings), but the overall performance of the Advanced-level tasks is sustained, albeit minimally. The vocabulary of Advanced Low speakers often lacks specificity. Nevertheless, they are able to use communicative strategies such as rephrasing and circumlocution.  Advanced Low speakers contribute to the conversation with sufficient accuracy, clarity, and precision to convey their intended message without misrepresentation or confusion. Their speech can be understood by native speakers unaccustomed to dealing with non-natives, even though this may require some repetition or restatement. When attempting to perform functions or handle topics associated with the Superior level, the linguistic quality and quantity of their speech will deteriorate significantly.